>> Sarah Drasner: If you need to animate
gradients, don't just animate them.
If you animate a gradient,
it will actually like really cause a lot
of performance issues because
it's really expensive to do that.
There's a lot of repaints
when you animate a gradient.
So I made this pen for
you to check out and use,
which is an animated transparent mask.
So what I do is I create
two blocks of colors,
create a mask of one of them, and
move the color with transforms.
So one of the things is
moving with transforms, and
then it's an animated gradient, but
you're not causing any layout triggers.
It's all really performing, transforms are
a lot less expensive than some other types
of things, like margin and lift.
And especially changing background colors,
all cause repaints in your browser
which makes them very expensive to run.